it's a bit of a story about this
ping-pong I don't really know how good
he is
that's and you join us here at the
Battle of the bats technically of course
they should be called paddles and ryo
takes the point that's four to another
point to Rio
van Persie yet to make much of an impact
but what a return from the man from
Rotterdam five three both pausing for
breath now neither one used to playing
the full 90 seconds
van Persie serves so can Rio force the
error my word yes
six three van Persie from my money the
one with the better technique here and
the one
although dressed like a child
certainly more suited to the occasion we
look at the speed of that Oh Oh
Ferdinand they're letting that one slip
it's it's eight five now Rio and RVP of
course both three letter words starting
with our now one end of the table the
other end of the table both ends of the
table seeing a lot of the action here
not a lot going on in the middle and
it's a tall Manchester United Burton and
cool as you like okay this is getting
tense now Ferdinand still in the lead
now a bit of a bit of typical Dutch
arguing going on here
Rio appealing to the crowd there you're
not on Twitter now son
nine points to Rio van Persie they'll
have to share them that's how that works
who is good that van persie has snuck
into the lead like a cheeky naughty
little Dutchman it's the wrist it's
always the wrist with Van Persie and
we've got a winner
someone give the man a golden bat at the
end of the day the real winner here was
ping pong do subscribe for more if you
like that sort of thing best of friends
best of frenemies thanks for watching